Update view-reports-for-atp.md (#2260)
MicrosoftDocs/microsoft-365-docs: microsoft-365/security/office-365-security/view-reports-for-atp.md

![ATP File Types report](../../media/6e3f5d33-79aa-4b2d-938c-6ef135d9e54c.png)
  

> When you hover over a particular day, you can see the breakdown of types of malicious files that were detected by [ATP Safe Attachments](atp-safe-attachments.md) and [anti-spam &amp; anti-malware protection](anti-spam-and-anti-malware-protection.md). the aggregate view of the report only allows for 90 days filtering, while the detial view only allows for 10 days filtering. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When you hover over a particular day, you can see the breakdown of types of malicious files that were detected by [ATP Safe Attachments](atp-safe-attachments.md) and [anti-spam &amp; anti-malware protection](anti-spam-and-anti-malware-protection.md). The aggregate view of the report allows for 90 days of filtering, while the detail view only allows for ten days of filtering. 
```

When you hover over a bar in the chart, you can see what actions were taken for detected email for that day.

> ![ATP Message Disposition Report data for a day](../../media/68d2beb8-4b30-48c4-8ba6-5e8ab88ae456.png) the aggregate view of the report only allows for 90 days filtering, while the detial view only allows for 10 days filtering. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
![ATP Message Disposition Report data for a day](../../media/68d2beb8-4b30-48c4-8ba6-5e8ab88ae456.png)
```
